[Feature] Gym compatibility: Terminal and truncated (#1539)
pytorch/rl: docs/source/reference/envs.rst

In brief, a TensorDict is created by the :meth:`~.EnvBase.reset` method,
then populated with an action by the policy before being passed to the
:meth:`~.EnvBase.step` method which writes the observations, done flag(s) and
reward under the ``"next"`` entry. The result of this call is stored for
delivery and the ``"next"`` entry is gathered by the :func:`~.utils.step_mdp`
function.

.. note::

  The Gym(nasium) API recently shifted to a splitting of the ``"done"`` state
  into a ``termination`` (the env is done and results should not be trusted)

>   and ``truncation`` (the maximum number of steps is reached) flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and ``truncation`` (an external limit on the number of steps is reached) flags.
```

Not to confuse it with finite-horizon limits, which set the `termination` bit.

  In TorchRL, ``"done"`` strictly refers to ``"termination"``.
  If the environment provides it (eg, Gymnasium), the truncation entry is also
  updated. In this case, a ``"stop"`` entry can also be provided, which represents
  the union of ``"done"`` (task completion) and ``"truncated"`` (task interruption).
  If the environment carries a single value, it will interpreted as a completion
  (``"done"``) signal by default (and not ``"stop"`` or ``"truncated"``). The
  reason for this choice is that without any more information, one has to assume
  task completion for follow-up tasks (eg, computing value estimations), so any
  unspecified end-of-trajectory signal will eventually need to be interpreted
  with a worst-case-scenario strategy. Another motivation is that a ``"stop"``
  signal will be modified by a ``"truncation"`` implemented, for instance, via
  a :class:`~.StepCounter` transform, and the original ``"stop"`` signal

>   will be lost.

Reviewer: Not sure to understand this. Could you clarify?

Author: I added a little something

In brief, a TensorDict is created by the :meth:`~.EnvBase.reset` method,
then populated with an action by the policy before being passed to the
:meth:`~.EnvBase.step` method which writes the observations, done flag(s) and
reward under the ``"next"`` entry. The result of this call is stored for
delivery and the ``"next"`` entry is gathered by the :func:`~.utils.step_mdp`
function.

.. note::
  In general, all TorchRL environment have a ``"done"`` and ``"terminated"``
  entry in their output tensordict. If they are not present by design,
  the :class:`~.EnvBase` metaclass will ensure that every done or truncated

>   is flanked with its dual.

Author: meant terminated, let me amend
